very good housed today bottom and
welcome to the temple of such time and
as I promised you after charlie
leave our channel after
leave the temple of time I told you
I was going to do a selection process
a kind of casting to choose a
new member of the temple of time
first of all it seems that you have the background
a little changed because good was
another day the mother and that is very like
you know for the special in youtube with
a left over from oil that we were
jeep not all together by follow us
We were watching little by little
knowing a little bit and one this were
some of the gifts not for example
this happened to this because of X carries this
of my namesake in July I study brothers
skynews
I'm there seen from me there's a lot of
things that the acquisition a lot
illusion but already those of bottles in the
special video of lamadrid que squire
agreement in this video and I'm going to talk about
that casting that I was going to do so that one
of you can participate with me in
the temple time and have a series
own for you about a game of
zelda here on the channel first is to get there
a little bit of the requirements that they make
lack
the things that take into account at the time
to select one of you from
agreement and also I usually comment that the
game or games you will be able to do
memories if you know chosen so it goes
there two of the requirements first thing and
more important is that you have a channel in
youtube because it 's ' one of youtube
but you can contact me
directly of course and second
It has to be a Youtube channel with
videos ie stable agreements the
gameplays discuss it with you so that I
will allow to see what work or how
you work with the videos as you record
how do you comment how do you express yourself as
you speak is a series of aspects
that will help me choose myself
honor simply to be part of the
channel you have an image and a
right sound is to say I'm not worth
have a microphone integrated with the
xx computer and a lot of background noise that
you hear it wrong to be heard weird or a
poor image although the image is a bit
less important because neither
in high definition and in high quality
nothing of that but if a minimum for
show if it is heard correctly
there is also more or less how it is
your playing ability could you triumph
of cell or that if three already the company
when I count cells it's always better
but not because it's the kiss but
simply with youtube fences and with
videos are commenting playing a
good sound image and
image and sound
because you have more opportunity to
participate in the temple of time that
basically it's going to be the most
important the most selling accounts
of who I 'm going to allow more or less
see your projection or your future here in the
channel of time temple another side
every success is going to be age is
to say is not the same as I go
to reach someone 12 years of 10
years obviously not going to do just
well or not going to be able to do it
also as someone who has more
experience and have more more maturity
responsibility a person of 16 17 18
9 20 years up is to say that
basically repeat that you have a minimum
16 years old if you want to participate you can
have if you want 15 years 14 13 efe and
participate too but that's what it is
minus 16 let's say that the one of maturity the
responsibilities
it will not serve the same as with an age
far more superior than if you can have
15 years and be more responsible and with more
maturity that someone of 20 can be
perfectly but that you have to
show your in your videos of your channel
of youtube that's why that first aspect is
very important because if with your channel
youtube more than prove as mature and
of responsible you are with your channel with
youtube in general now some things that
I will not keep in mind is the
where you come from may already be
from Spain or from Latin America where
be argentina mexico uruguay where
that if you want to leave to have the
you can see them and gomes with the
previous requirements participate and I
you can see if you can enter or not
obviously like now it's spanish
is more than enough so yes
after the Spanish because simply
participate and sometimes have luck
look at the video
but today it would not be seen this the
games available for which you can
make a series will be to the center fling
paramés breaker of ages and now deceased
the game boy with once he has been
selected that is mean weekly has
seen your channel and chose you
I have you can choose between one of
these three bodies or the center of
lincoln - we or any of us
both now and with the rope
another little thing like that if you have any ideas in
plan to record another game as it can be
the inof time again what of some
different way somehow more
special because you can set a table and that
idea I will value it and if I see that it can
be some idea because it will make clear you
you want so basically that's what the
requirements to participate in this
casting of this selection teacher
as a new member of the temple of
time are 0 in each on YouTube with
videos so I can see you
experience in my way of speaking and of
all
have a minimum of 16 years although this
It may vary according to how you
manage with the youtube world and third
that can be where you want it to be from
of Spain Latin America wherever
necessary is Spanish and then it is
you can correctly enter without
problems conform these requirements I
I will choose one or the other to make a
series of burning the mind the link
of now and croft is oracle of seasons of
agreement to participate simply me
you have to send an email to the
address down here to the temple of
time and it records you gmail.com
youtube youtube.com the time of time
here you have the description so if
comes an email can matter temple the
selection souvenir temple
selection and I wrote exposed nick me
you write our age post
where are you from and why would you like
enter the channel and why do you think
you are the right one to enter the
temple of time ensures for my part
nothing else in this video we're going
next morning with special statistics
an attitude and we go to the next
video so the tri account comes with you